added info on how to access the UI (#4542)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.3/visualize-data/_index.md

The InfluxDB user interface (UI) provides tools for building custom dashboards to visualize your data.
The following articles outline ways to customize and manage dashboards.

{{% note %}}

> **NOTE:** The user interface (UI) is automatically installed with InfluxDB. To access the UI, start the influx daemon ([InfluxDB service](/influxdb/v2.3/reference/cli/influxd/)) by typing `influxd` in the command line. Use `localhost:8086` in your web browser to log in to your InfluxDB instance. For additional information see [Get started with InfluxDB](/influxdb/v2.3/get-started/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The InfluxDB UI is packaged with InfluxDB and runs as part of the InfluxDB server.
To access the UI, start the [`influxd` service](/influxdb/v2.3/reference/cli/influxd/))
and visit <http://localhost:8086> in your web browser.
```
